How do you break
Frog in the Well
I really think money can be life
In the face of true interpretation
More money can be set aside
Someone please come out with the first betrothal gift of my Sun family
Don't be a demon
Enter now
The old man has seen Shenwei Tiger
Tomorrow this is
This is the ancient living and dead Ruo Baihu
The first genius doctor in 300 years
This is me as the first rich man of the Li family
This is the ancient doctor
Legend has it that it healed generations of dragon lords
My wife's illness is saved
I am willing to pay a billion
I asked the ancient doctor to save my father
Ask Dr. Bu to save me
We are terminally ill
Also give 50% of the official family's equity
In the face of life and death
No matter how rich you are, it doesn't count
What are you using to grab a stick from my Sun family?
Not bad, no amount of money is useless when a person dies
Haha, it's over now.
Do you still think it's funny?
What are you in a hurry?
I also hired a medical student
Compared to this
Except for the teacher, it is a hundred times more powerful
You can also shoot three times for the Li family
Arrogance
There are still people who dare to call art
A hundred times more powerful than the old man
You invited me out
Let's see if he dares to think he's better than the old
untalented
It's me hahaha